frontend-doc.md, before:

# E-Comm 911 Virtual Assistant - Frontend

## Project Overview

A basic frontend that interacts with the backend stacks. This project was bootstrapped using [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

![alt text](images/frontend-upload.png)

## Deployment

You will need the following resources before deploying:
* [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/account/)
* [GitHub Account](https://github.com)

1) Fork and clone this repository into your Github account.
2) From the AWS Amplify page in the AWS Console, select **Host web app** under the **New app** dropdown, and select Github as the repository option.
3) After authenticating into your Github account, select the forked repository under the repository dropdown. Leave the default branch as is.
![alt text](./images/frontend-select-repo.png)
4) On the next page, **App build and test settings**, keep the default build settings. You can rename the app name.
5) Select **Create new environment** under the **Select a backend environment** dropdown, and select your AWS Amplify service role in the following dropdown if one exists; if not, Select 'Create new role' and quickly create one using the default settings and refresh the role selection.
![alt text](./images/frontend-build-settings.png)
6) Review the settings and click **Save and deploy**, and wait for the deployment build to complete, which will take some time.
![alt text](./images/frontend-deploy-success.png)

Within Amplify Console, you should see an auto-generated URL under **Frontend environment** - that is the URL used to access the frontend build. You can now create your user accounts and log in via the URL.

## Architecture

Using AWS Amplify, this project has the following configured backend resources:
* [Cognito authentication](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/auth/getting-started/q/platform/js) featuring user pools
* an S3 bucket configured with [Amplify Storage](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/storage/overview/q/platform/js) to store audio files, [link to StorageClass documentation](https://aws-amplify.github.io/amplify-js/api/classes/storageclass.html)
* GraphQL-based API that writes file metadata to DynamoDB tables in response to file upload events to send it over to the transcribe workflow. These DynamoDB tables managed by the GraphQL Schema are TTL-enabled by importing a [third-party transformer](https://github.com/flogy/graphql-ttl-transformer). \
Metadata can also stored with the S3 object using the Metadata config field in the Amplify.put call, and will have the prefix ```"x-amz-meta-"```.

## Logging in

Cognito is used for authenticate users into the frontend and integrates with . Users will need to input their email address, name and a strong password to create an account.
After account creation, users will need to verify their account by inputting the 6-digit verification code that was sent to their provided email address before being able to log in to the system.

## Next Steps

* Expand the frontend side to include access to backend DynamoDB tables (result table, jurisdiction table) via API Gateway calls.
* If possible, enhance the input form page to support uploading multiple audio files at once.

Commit message:

Functionality refining and refactoring - TTL for ContactDetails entries set to 6 hours to match ContactDetailsStream - Entity extraction removed in Call Transcriber lambdas - Removed Jurisdiction table in Virtual Assistant Cloudformation template - Moved policy creation for Amplify Auth role to amplify build phase - Minor README update

frontend-doc.md, after:

# E-Comm 911 Call Transcriber - Frontend

## Project Overview

A basic frontend that allow uploading audio files with mapped properties and connects to the
call transcriber backend. This project was bootstrapped using [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

![alt text](images/frontend-upload.png)

## Deployment

You will need the following resources before deploying:
* [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/account/)
* [GitHub Account](https://github.com)

1) Fork and clone this repository into your Github account.
2) From the AWS Amplify page in the AWS Console, select **Host web app** under the **New app** dropdown, and select Github as the repository option.
3) After authenticating into your Github account, select the forked repository under the repository dropdown. Leave the default branch as is.
![alt text](./images/frontend-select-repo.png)
4) On the next page, **App build and test settings**, keep the default build settings. You can rename the app name.
5) Select **Create new environment** under the **Select a backend environment** dropdown, and select your AWS Amplify service role in the following dropdown if one exists; if not, Select 'Create new role' and quickly create one using the default settings and refresh the role selection.
![alt text](./images/frontend-build-settings.png)
6) Review the settings and click **Save and deploy**, and wait for the deployment build to complete, which will take some time.
![alt text](./images/frontend-deploy-success.png)

Within Amplify Console, you should see an auto-generated URL under **Frontend environment** - that is the URL used to access the frontend build. You can now create your user accounts and log in via the URL.

## Architecture

Using AWS Amplify, this project has the following configured backend resources:
* [Cognito authentication](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/auth/getting-started/q/platform/js) featuring user pools
* an S3 bucket configured with [Amplify Storage](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/storage/overview/q/platform/js) to store audio files, [link to StorageClass documentation](https://aws-amplify.github.io/amplify-js/api/classes/storageclass.html)
* GraphQL-based API that writes file metadata to DynamoDB tables in response to file upload events to send it over to the transcribe workflow. These DynamoDB tables managed by the GraphQL Schema are TTL-enabled by importing a [third-party transformer](https://github.com/flogy/graphql-ttl-transformer). \
Metadata can also stored with the S3 object using the Metadata config field in the Amplify.put call, and will have the prefix ```"x-amz-meta-"```.

## Logging in

Cognito is used to authenticate users into the frontend and integrates with Amplify Storage and API. Users will need to input their email address, name, and a strong password to create an account.
After account creation, users will need to verify their account by inputting the 6-digit verification code that was sent to their provided email address before being able to log in to the system.

## Next Steps

* Expand the frontend side to include access to backend DynamoDB tables (result table, jurisdiction table) via API Gateway calls.
* If possible, enhance the input form page to support uploading multiple audio files at once.
